Fix ReadMe typo (#55)
SublimeText/sublime-text-docset: README.md

[Dash][], [Zeal][], and [Velocity][] docset
for [Sublime Text][st]’s official [documentation][st-docs].

> There is also a small docset for [SubAvailablee][sm].

Author: ```suggestion
There is also a small docset for [Sublime Merge][sm].
```
